{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Optima-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Optima-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11905\paperh16841\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10240\viewh8600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Smiley Tag\

\fs24 \'a9 2002 Keith Bauer
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Play one of three variations on tag, either against the computer, or with your friends and family at one computer.\
\

\f0\b \'a5 Setting Up a Game
\f1\b0 \
For each of the smileys, you can choose whether that smiley should be controlled by a human player (using the controls specified), whether the smiley should be controlled by the computer, or whether that smiley doesn't play in that game at all.  You can also choose between the different variations, described below.\
\

\f0\b \'a5 Ending the Game
\f1\b0 \
When the game screen is visible, you can return to the game setup window by choosing "End Game" from the File menu, or you can play a new game with the same settings by choosing "New Game" from the File menu.\
\

\f0\b \'a5 Normal Tag:\

\f1\b0 Some players are "in".  They look like pirates.  They must "tag" (touch) other players, who will then become pirates instead.  To prevent you immediately tagging someone who has just tagged you, you will be "sleepy" and unable to move for a short time after being tagged.  When you tag someone, you become a "shield", and cannot be tagged for a short time.  The game is over when you get bored.\
\

\f0\b \'a5 Last Man Standing\

\f1\b0 In this variation, when you tag someone, they become a pirate as well as you.  The winner is the last person to be tagged.\
\

\f0\b \'a5 Freeze Tag\

\f1\b0 In this variation, players do not become pirates when they are tagged, but remain sleepy until they are tagged again by a smiley.  The players who are initially in win when all other players are sleepy.\
}